Okay,
guys on Welcome back.
Now,
So far in this section,
you've learned some really useful pieces of code on what you've learned so far is gonna
able you to complete your first programming exercise.
Okay,
What we have here is a downloadable resource.
It is an excel file called the Rainbow.
Dr X L s X download that file.
When you open it,
you're gonna have a view very similar to that.
You're not gonna see this tab here because I'm gonna hide it.
You can.
Obviously.
If you get completely stuck,
you can,
um,
hiding and have a look.
So you will see this sheet.
The rain bone.
This is your program.
In exercise,
you are too.
Firstly,
insert a module.
If you're not sure how to do that,
go back and have a look at getting all the code for this section.
Have a look at that lecture in that Marshall,
you're gonna have a subroutine called Rainbow.
Now,
the first part of the code is going to be very,
very straightforward or we're gonna do Is out the texts Red,
yellow,
pink,
blue,
orange,
purple and green.
Two cells.
A one through a seven.
Just plain text red,
yellow,
pink,
blue,
orange,
purple,
green.
And the second part of your code is going to need you to probably record a macro.
The next part of the code.
This part the code.
I want you to turn the word read into red.
I want you to turn the word yellow into yellow,
pink to pink,
blue to blue,
Orange to orange,
purple,
purple on green to green.
Now,
you know that some of these you condition shoes VB Andi,
the name of the color.
Some of them you cannot.
You gonna have to record a macro on retrieve the value from that recorded macro.
Highly recommend you record each one individually.
So if the V b and the color name doesn't work,
record a macro for that particular color.
Have a look at the code that's generated.
Employ the bit that you need.
Okay,
that is your first programming exercise.
If you do get stuck,
the solution is here.
But this sheet is going to be hidden when you download the file.
Okay.
Good luck.
And I'll see you in the next lecture.